# Centurion

Centurion aims to be a real-time strategy (RTS) video game set in Roman times, with 2D isometric graphics and an initial game system strongly inspired by the game Imperivm 3 – The Great Battles of Rome. The possibility of adding more management-type game modes in the future is not excluded, taking inspiration from milestones such as Caesar 3 and the Age of Empires saga. For each game mode, the possibility of playing online is intended to be implemented. 

The development of the Centurion project began on July 28, 2019. The code is developed entirely with the C++ programming language and the Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 IDE and is compatible exclusively with the Windows operating system. The C++ standard used is C++20. The engine is based on the OpenGL graphics library, with the help of other libraries such as GLEW (main means of communication with the OpenGL API), GLFW (window creation and device management), GLM (matrix and vector calculation): the installed version of OpenGL is 3.3.0. As for audio and music, it relies on the OpenAL library. 

The scripting language inside the engine (unit technologies and behaviors, sequences, etc.) is managed entirely by Python. The installed library that allows you to perform the "bindings" is pybind. Python is also heavily used in writing the UI. In fact, inspired by World of Warcraft, the Centurion User Interface combines XML files with Python scripts. Almost all of the game data (contained in the Assets folder) is therefore stored in XML files, which are read by the TinyXML2 library, with the sole exception of the translations of the game texts, which are instead stored in a SQL database (read and managed by the engine with the C sqlite3 library). 

The game interface is therefore read from XML with a system based on the concept of “iframe”, i.e. an object containing other objects (text, images, buttons, checkboxes, drop-down menus, etc.) with which the user is able to interact. “Iframes” do nothing more than “wrap” the ImGui library, extending the C++ implementation of ImGui windows to XML and adding various customizations, including size, height, skin, and so on.
